This is netkit-base-0.10 for Linux.

This package updates the inetd, ping, rpcgen, and rpcinfo from
NetKit-0.09. NetKit as a package no longer exists. To do a full update
of NetKit-0.09 please consult NetKit.txt from your local ftp archive.

Contents:
	This package contains inetd, ping, rpcgen, and rpcinfo.

	If you're reading this off a CD, go right away and check the
	net archives for later versions and security fixes.
	
Requirements: (I know these work; you can probably use much earlier 
versions of libc, gcc, or the kernel.)

	libc 5.4 or higher 
		Older libc versions will work but anything before 5.4.6 
		includes some nasty security bugs. All the NetKit programs 
		are believed immune to these, but the rest of your system 
		probably isn't... 

		Note: libc 5.0.x is not supported and won't work.
		Note: glibc (aka libc 6.x) may or may not work with
		this release.

	linux 2.0 or higher 
		Use of 1.2.x kernel versions is not recommended in general.
		NetKit itself will probably work with anything since 0.99pl14,
		although some hacking would probably be required.

	gcc 2.7.2 or higher
		Please get the strength-reduce fix if you don't have it.

Please make sure your header files in /usr/include match your libc
version installed in /lib and /usr/lib. If you have weird problems
this is the most likely culprit.


Installation:
	Do "./configure", or edit MCONFIG to set the configuration options. 

	If you are using glibc 1.99 or other pre-2.0 versions of glibc,
	apply "oldglibc.patch" by reading the directions in the patch file.

	Do "make".
	Do "make install" as root to install everything. Save backup copies 
	  of important tools, or confirm the new ones work first. Etc. We 
	  warned you.

Security:
	netkit-inetd-0.10 fixes an issue with group list handling that
	could cause trouble if inetd were restarted from the command
	line. This is presently believed to be a nonissue but it never
	hurts to be careful.

	netkit-inetd-0.10 fixes a denial of service problem with the
	daytime port.

	NetKit-0.09 contained other fixes for now well-known security
	problems. Please don't use old versions.

Bugs:
	If something doesn't compile for you, send diffs. If you can't
	send diffs, send the compiler's error output.

	If it compiles but doesn't work, send as complete a bug report as 
	you can. Patches and fixes are welcome, as long as you describe 
	adequately what they're supposed to fix. Please, one patch per
	distinct fix.

	Be sure to send all correspondence in e-mail. Postings to netnews 
	will not be seen due to the enormous volume.

	Please don't report known bugs (see the BUGS file(s)) unless you
	are including fixes. :-)


David A. Holland	dholland@hcs.harvard.edu
								8-Mar-1997
