This is release 0.2.3 of the Linux console-tools.

  This release is a bugfix release for the 0.2.x series, and
 adds Italian, Danish, and Estonian messages.
 See ChangeLog for details.

  0.2.0 was the first of a stable branch.  The data files (keymaps,
 fonts and tables) formerly part of this package have been moved to a
 new console-data package.

  The 0.2.x branch will only get bug fixes and critically missing
 features - all development will be done on the still-to-come 0.3.x
 branch.

  PLEASE NOTE that this release has not yet support for the CP
 fontfile format back yet.  It has been integrated in development
 version 0.3.0.


Although it is now quite stable, this package is currently under
development: use it at your own risks.  However, it should already be
a good replacement for `kbd', and you might like the features not
found in the latter, but (as usual) you have NO WARANTY of any kind.

Some interface-level features are still liable to change (program names,
option names, etc.).

Much work is needed to really get Unicode stuff usable. This will be
one of my primary goals. It will probably imply hacking the kernel as
well for some features, but the kernel-part is being thoroughly
rewritten by the GGI project, so don't hold you breath...


This package is based on `kbd-0.94', and is mostly up to date with
0.99, of which it corrects some bugs, and to which it adds several
features (Message i18n, Screen-font-map fallback tables, 16-bit
Application-Charset Maps (also called "console maps" or "screen
maps"), can now output PSF files and use "-" to read/write most files
to stdin/stdout, can make use of the G1 charset slot, etc.).


Please send all bug reports, suggestions, or anything else to myself,
(but take a look at the "TODO" file first), feedback will be greatly
appreciated.

Please get in touch with me before starting to modify this package, to
prevent duplicated work - it's enough work to keep in sync with new
kbd releases until we merge; as this code is expected to evolve quite
rapidly, it would also be helpful that not too many persons work on
the same pieces of code at the same time, to ease integration.

Yann Dirson <dirson@debian.org>
